In order to run our system, we will go to Google Cloud and open our virtual machine.
So for that, we will go to console our cloud or Google Dot com.
Then we go to compute engine.
Here we have our virtual machine running.
It's running on this IP address when we are not using the machine, we can actually stop it.
That will help us in saving money.
And whenever we want to resume our work, we can always come back and start the machine.
So let's connect to this machine.
OK.
We are connected.
So let's first start our services for that people go to project crew directly and inside that services
in order to start services.
We can either run each service using Java Command or we can use this script.
We just provided services directly and that script does start service.
If we have to stop a service, then we can stop service.
I'll quickly show you what is there and start service.
So the main command that is dead end start service is this command java, and it takes some debug options,
then the port number and the verify, which we have.
So for each service, we have certain versions.
So we see this, we have certain services over here.
Order, product inventory, gateway discovery or admin.
So all of them, when we do a boot, they produce waterfronts and that is what is then targeted directly.
So these raw files are there, so we will run them individually one by one using the script.
But it will make it easy for us.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So start service toward that and we want to run all services.
So this will start each service one by one.
It waits for each service to start when it when the service has started.
Then it moves to the next service, so it runs them in a loop.
So our services are starting.
So what we will do is we will make another connection for starting our web application.
OK, so we are connected now.
Let's go to prosecute directly and then web application directly, which is web here, we will issue
this command.
It's a patent application.
So we are using Python was in three.
This is the standard command that you'll have to use to bring up Biton application in debug mode because
in production it is done little differently.
We will discuss about that later.
But one more thing we have to do if we are going to connect to this application remotely is we have
to let this application know which claims are permitted to connect.
So here we are saying any claims of this 0.0.0.0 means any client from any IP address should be able
to connect to this.
So let's just run this.
So our web application is also running.
That is one thing that I show you just show you in a bit.
Let's first make a different connection for single page application.
OK, so we have connected.
Let's go to Project Blue directly and then single page application.
In fact, before going over there, I was telling you about a web application, how we are routing our
services.
So this is our web application, how we are routing our web application requests to different services
that just see that.
So for that, we will go into BYU way directly and say this, and there is a file called settings.
All the configuration related stuff is there in this particular file.
So we will go down in this file where we have routing information.
OK, so here we have.
So we have configured these endpoints.
Actually, they should be named as origin.
So this is something that I should rename to.
What is it?
So here this is inventory origin.
This is order, origin, product, origin and we have they all are pointing to localhost and the boards
that we have set over here that we are using different, different boards for all our services because
we are running them on this same virtual machine.
So this is the kind of configuration we have, Guru.
So this configuration will be applicable in case debug environment variable is sent and then there is
another configuration that we will talk about later.
So this the default DBA and we are going to go ahead with that.
So that is how we are doing routing in our web application.
Now let's go back to single page application
in single page application.
We will have to do this configuration, which is then in Dortmund, we find this this routing configuration
will have to do.
So here we can see where it is are on service or region.
Where is our product service origin?
Where is card service?
Origin right now are single page application does not have functionality to create orders, so we have
not listed order origin or inventory origin over here.
We will just work with product and guard service.
So card service actually is listed along with the service.
We'll discuss that later.
But the point over here is that here we have these origins.
They are pointing to localhost and these different port numbers.
So these different port numbers are correct.
If we see over here these port numbers are correct, but these IP address, this localhost IP address
will not work in case of single page application.
Because if you see on the right side of this line, everything is running on a virtual machine so they
can communicate with all our all other components using local laws.
But the single page application is different.
This will be running in a browser either on a mobile or on a regular desktop.
This is a JavaScript based application that will be directly communicating with our services.
So it needs to no host, no also host IP also along with these different port numbers.
So that is the configuration that we will have to do over here now in order to do that configuration.
We will need the IP address, so let's get the IP address.
So IP addresses dead on this compute engine console.
This virtual machine has got this IP IP address, which people can figure out over here.
OK, so we have configured the routing of a single page application.
Now we are going to go, we can start this with this we will do and VM start.
It will again start this in debug.
So a development mode is a much better name over here.
We are talking about development more and production more so in production mode, it will be slightly
different.
We will discuss that later.
But our single page application has also started.
So now let's go back to our services if our services are running.
OK, so seems like services are up and running all the services they have come up.
They have come up perfectly fine.
OK, so now that services has have come up, it's time to connect to our system.
So all components of a system of application, single page application, server and services, all of
them are running and our database is running as a service.
So that's also running.
We have a neat way of verifying if our database is running, we can do that to our application and.
So let's go ahead and run the Connect to our application using a browser.
So for that, I'll open a browser tab.
Now what we can do is I have the IP address on 8000 port web application is running.
Like, we can see that this is not connecting to our application.
The reason is that our application is running on a virtual machine, which is behind a firewall, and
so we'll have to go and open some ports on this firewall.
For that, you will go to Google Cloud Console, the PC network.
Inside BBC Network, that is firewall configuration.
So there are different rules over here.
Firewall rules, they all apply to default network and are virtual machine also belongs to default network
because we did not select any any particular network when we created a virtual machine.
So it is associated with default network.
When you say, let's go ahead and create a firewall rule which will allow access to port eight thousand
and three thousand one, which not a single page application is running.
So let's give it some name, and let's call it allow ministers.
Then we can go ahead.
The default network for ingress traffic is allowed.
We want this rule to apply on all the machines that are there right now, there is only one virtual
machine, so this all instances in the network will apply to that.
Then the source basically outlined a browser that we are running should be can be on any IP address.
So that is what we are going to see.
So here we can choose based on IP addresses, which clients can connect to our system.
So over here right now, we are not too much concerned with security, so we will allow every of any
client from any machine to be able to connect to our system.
So here now we will open some ports.
DCP ports are the application is an St-Pierre's application, which runs on DBS DCP.
So let's open some ports over here.
So let's hit the eight thousand and 3000 is what we want to open.
But apart from that, for our single page application, we will also need to open these services forward
because that is going to directly access these ports.
So we'll have to open in 2004.
We will open 3000 port with a single page application score basis.
And then this single page application, once it is running on a browser, then it will have to connect
to this.
So let's enable all these ports.
We will look at these architectural digest if they are a little confusing.
We will get to them in a bit.
But for now, let's just open all the ports that we need.
So let's say we need all these ports in one short by open.
OK, so we have listed all the ports over here.
Let's create this fire one.
Once this firewall rule is created, we should be able to access our application if we are not able
to access, then we'll have to come and review this firewall in case we have made any mistake.
OK, so let's refresh this.
OK, so now we are able to connect the first thing that we need to do.
Maybe I have connected through this browser before also, so I already have the required tokens.
So I was already signed it.
But generally this is where you will end up, that you will have to see Google sign in bids.
So once you go to sign in page, then we have already created one user admin with password as password.
We will use that to log in into our system.
OK.
So in our system, we can view products, we can view card, we can view orders and create orders,
and we can see the user profile.
So these are the things that we can do.
So let's quickly check all that.
But right now, we do not have data in our system.
And the other thing is that we want to make sure that everything is running in our system.
So first, we will go to monitoring.
In monitoring we can bring to our Web application, this tells us their Web application.
What is the name?
So it's giving us the name of the virtual machine where our web application is goes date and time.
Likewise, we can ping now databases.
So here it is telling us that our database is both grass and this is where it is located, is the connection
information and is it time of beeping?
It says that Cassandra, our database is not configured, so this is something that we will configure
later.
Right now, we do not need it.
Now, let's bring our services.
So we can similarly bring all our services, this authorization service, product service or the service,
so all these services that we need, we can bring them from here and find out if they are up and running.
So looks like our system is up and running.
So the first thing that we will do is we will go to data cancer because we have no business admin user,
so we will be able to create and delete data.
We can, in fact, view some of the table data.
So let's say user data.
There is one report of it.
And if you go to product data, there are no records over there.
For that, we will have to create data.
So I've had this create data.
If, let's say, I go to services.
Then it shows that it has created some data.
OK, so here we have got this massive success created this year, so that means our data sort of got
created.
If now I, let's say, go to product data, I should be able to see records.
So we have created 10 products.
Similarly, if I go to inventory data, we have created some inventory records for each product.
So right now, for each product, we have 10000 units.
And in order, data will be empty because we do not have any orders in our system.
At any point you want to clean all the data, you can go to delete all data and do that.
First, let's view our products.
So these are the products that's click on any of these products and choose a quantity added to the cart.
And let's let's go to one more product and then we will create an order.
So let's choose this product.
Choose three units of this, add to the cart.
Then let's go to the car.
So here we have these two books with respective quantities in the cart.
Now we can create the order.
So this order is created, we can view these orders from.
Either we could we could use that button or we can go to bed and we can go to orders.
So this is all we can see the artists right now.
There is only one model in our system.
So this application, what we were able to do is we were able to log in into a system.
Each user has a rule.
You will see that.
So we were able to do roll based log in using authorization service.
Then we were able to view products.
This was using product service.
Then we were able to add these products in to cart and we were able to create orders.
So that was by the virtue of card service and order service, which which are both hosted in one single
service or the service.
So there are two service in it so we can refactor them into two separate services also.
But for convenience so that we don't have too many services to run, I'll put them into one Springwood
service, which is order service.
Then we were able to create the order.
If we look at our data, so inventory data.
So here, if you see that all of the products have been 10000 units, but for product I.D. number three
and four product I.D. number seven for which we created orders, their inventory quantities have gone
down.
So this we were able to do with the help of inventory service.
So there are quite a few use cases that we were able to achieve through our application.
This is a mini system that we have, which have some services.
It has got a web application and which has got a single page application.
Next thing that we need to do is it is still a small scale system.
It has some issues in terms of routing configuration and we will see we will discuss there are some
other issues as well which will prevent us from scaling the system, but nevertheless we have a system
which we can start with.
So we are now ready to move to the next section.